this is a roof that's what we do here at
the wrong key and we do it with pride
our roofs are we believe the best steel
roofs on the planet but let's not get
carried away let's have a look at what
we are really doing here's our customer
let's call him Rufus Rufus the roof by
him what is he thinking Rufus is living
a busy life he's got kids a wife a job a
yard a hobby a lot of hobbies I guess we
could say the guy is busy and it's not
just Rufus most people all over the
world seem to feel that they just don't
have enough time parents would like to
spend more time with their children they
put in long hours at work suffer from
stress and still can't seem to get
everything done you get the picture but
what does all this have to do with our
roofs you ask let's go back to Rufus
with all of these things on his mind
this is how much Rufus wants to worry
about his roof every roof manufacturer
claims that their roofs are high quality
technologically advanced offer great
value for money last a lifetime and so
do we the problem is that Rufus doesn't
care these are things that he takes for
granted if you want to play the roofing
game you've got to have all of these
what Rufus needs his help and a roof of
course that's why he is happy to know
that we approve him love roofs and are
willing to make his life easier so that
he can forget about his roof and do
something more interesting we think
that's just how things should be people
like Rufus should be able to live their
lives and concentrate on things that are
important to them without having to
worry about their roof
drew Kim we believe that buying a
premium quality roof shouldn't be more
difficult than same a sofa just choose
the style and color and relax this is
our goal that's why everything we do we
start by asking ourselves the question
how does this make things easier for
Rufus our product development starts
with this question a logistics are based
on this question our marketing and sales
are designed to answer this question we
develop services to answer this question
we help our dealers answer this question
most important we give Rufus the answer
it's this attitude that makes us
different from every other roof
manufacturer easy to buy easy to install
and easy to own Haruki roof is designed
to make the home owners life worryfree